Mandrill (#1170)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.mandrill.md

# Mandrill

> The Mandrill node allows you to automate work in Mandrill, and integrate Mandrill with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Mandrill features, including sending messages based on templates or HTML. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mandrill node allows you to automate work in Mandrill, and integrate Mandrill with other applications. n8n supports sending messages based on templates or HTML with Mandrill.
```

On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Mandrill node supports and links to more resources.

!!! note "Credentials"

>     Refer to [Mandrill credentials](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/credentials/mandrill/) for guidance on setting up authentication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Refer to [Mandrill credentials](/integrations/builtin/credentials/mandrill/) for guidance on setting up authentication. 
```
